Bit-Birck K1: update to biandu 2.1.1,add alpine (#240)
ruyisdk/support-matrix: Bit-Brick_K1/Alpine/README.md

---
sys: alpine
sys_ver: 3.21
sys_var: null

status: basic
last_update: 2025-04-08
---

# Alpine Bit-Brick K1 Test Report

## Test Environment

### System Information

- Download Link: https://dev.alpinelinux.org/~mps/riscv64/
- Reference Installation Document: https://arvanta.net/alpine/alpine-on-spacemit/

### Hardware Information

- BIT-BRICK K1
- Power Adapter
- A microSD Card
- A USB to UART Debugger

## Installation Steps

### Flashing the Image (SD Card)

After downloading and extracting the image, use `dd` to flash the image to the microSD card.

```bash
xz -d spacemit-mmc.img
dd if=spacemit-mmc.img of=/dev/sdX
```

### Add Device Tree

> Download the [Bianbu](https://archive.spacemit.com/image/k1/version/bianbu/) image. Extract its `k1-x_bit-brick.dtb` file,and placed in `/dtbs-spacemit/spacemit/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the [Bianbu](https://archive.spacemit.com/image/k1/version/bianbu/) image. Extract its `k1-x_bit-brick.dtb` file,and place it in `/dtbs-spacemit/spacemit/`.
```
